- Every entity that spring data rest exposes also
creates a slash search endpoint.
Let's see what happens when we envoke the
tour packages slash search.
Other than the self href
we also see a findByName attribute.
Let's click on that.
That maps directly to the method we created in
tour package repository FindByName and we have an
example of what the parameter is,
so let's actually put that in.
And give it a name BackpackCal.
We need to put the percent 20 in there because
that's at the ASCII value for space and an
actual space is not allowed on a URL.
And we get back these tour packages BC.
So now that we know how slash search resource works,
let's create a tour repository method.
I want to create a method to find all tours associated
with the tour package by the code.
So add a new method in here.
Since tour package could be associated with many tours
it would be in a list.
Find by tour package code.
(typing)
And that's really all we need, however, in previous
versions of spring data rest
you needed to have the at param in here.
I'll put it in here just as a helper.
And let's stop and restart our application.
And it's started up and running.
Back in Postman.
Let's see what we get back on the search endpoint
and we see our new method FindByTourPackageCode.
We'll click into that and we'll ask for the code
for California calm.
And we get back all the tours
associated with California calm.
And there's three of them.
One, two, three.
I want to show you how spring data rest treats
entity to entity associations.
So there is many to one association between a
tour package and tours.
So the tour package attribute in the J response body
is a hypermedia link to the tour.
So if we click on that and that endpoint will direct us
back to California calm.